
1) What is HTML?

HTML stands for Hyper Text Markup Language
HTML is the standard markup language for creating Web pages
HTML describes the structure of a Web page
HTML consists of a series of elements
HTML elements tell the browser how to display the content


2) What are tags?

Html tags are keywords which define that how a browser formats and displays the web pages.

3) Do all HTML tags come in a pair?

there are few tags without closing tag such as img,hr,br etc.

4) What are some of the common lists that can be used when designing a page?

1. ordered lists
2. unordered lists
3. description lists

5) How do you insert a comment in HTML?

An HTML comment begins with <! –– and the comment closes with ––> .

6) Do all character entities display properly on all systems?

No , some character entites can not be displayed when the operating system doesn't support these characters. If that happens, then those characters will be displayed as boxes.

7) What is an image map?

html <map> tag defines the image map. An image map is an image with clickable areas. The areas are defined with one or more <area> tags.

8 ) What is the advantage of collapsing white space?

Collapsing white spaces decreases the transmission time between the server and the client because collapsing features remove unnecessary bytes that are occupied by the white spaces. By mistake, if you leave extra white space, the browser will ignore it and display the UI perfectly.


9) Can attribute values be set to anything or are there specific values that they accept?

Some attribute values will have some pre-defined values whereas other attributes can accept any numerical values. It completely depends upon the tag that you are associated with.

10) How do you insert a copyright symbol on a browser page?

The HTML copyright symbol is represented by &copy; or &#169;. You can use this code to embed the copyright symbol onto a web page if this character is not represented on your keyboard.

11) How do you create links to sections within the same page?

we can give id of the section needed in href of an anchor tag.

12) Is there any way to keep list elements straight in an HTML file?

we can use list-style-position : inside to keep the elements inside the content box. The default value is outside.

13) If you see a web address on a magazine, to which web page does it point?

Every web page on the web can have a separate web address. Most of these addresses are relative to the top-most web page. The published web address that appears within magazines typically points this top-most page.

14) What is the use of alternative text in image mapping?

The ALT text adds a text description to an image on a Web page, and should be used for all images, graphical bullets, and graphical horizontal rules. ALT text is accessed by screen reader users to provide them with a text equivalent of images.

15) Do older HTML files work on newer browsers?

Yes, older html files are compliant to the HTML standard. Most older files work on the newer browsers, though some features may not work.


16) Does a hyperlink apply to text only?

No,Hyperlink can be applied to text as well as images,vedios,numbers or any other HTML property.

17) If the user’s operating system does not support the needed character, how can the symbol be represented?

The symbols can be represented in the form of an image in the case where the operating system does not support a particular character.


18) How do you change the number type in the middle of a list?

 The two attributes of the number type in the middle of a list include the type and value. The type attribute is used for changing the numbering type for any list item, while the value attribute is used for changing the number index for any list item.

19) What are style sheets?

20) State  bullet types available in HTML 

21) How do you create multicolored text in a webpage?

22) Why are there both numerical and named character entity values?

23) Write an HTML table tag sequence that outputs the following:
50 pcs 100 500
10 pcs 5 50

24) What is the advantage of grouping several checkboxes together?

25) What will happen if you overlap sets of tags?

26) What are applets?

27) What if there is no text between the tags or if a text was omitted by mistake? Will it affect the display of the HTML file?

28) Is it possible to set specific colors for table borders?

29) How do you create a link that will connect to another web page when clicked?

30) What other ways can be used to align images and wrap text?

31> Display &nbsp inside <p> paragraph tag.
