1) What is HTML?
ans.HTML is a markup language forpages to  display in a web browser.

2) What are tags?
ans.HTML tags are basically keywords which tells how web browser will display the content in the tags

3) Do all HTML tags come in a pair?
ans.No some tags are void type having no pair 

4) What are some of the common lists that can be used when designing a page?
ans.unordered lists
    ordered lists
    discripptioin list

5) How do you insert a comment in HTML?
ans. using<!-- lkrjenyholgm  -->
6) Do all character entities display properly on all systems?
ans. no some os dosent they display as boxes if not supported

7) What is an image map?
ans.it is basically a set of links as subparts of image

8 ) What is the advantage of collapsing white space?
ans.removes the white spaces done by mistake to reduce load on server

9) Can attribute values be set to anything or are there specific values that they accept?
ans.some will be specific like li has specific other will accept any value like id class

10) How do you insert a copyright symbol on a browser page?
ans.&#169;

11) How do you create links to sections within the same page?
ans.by using id if the section in anchor tags

12) Is there any way to keep list elements straight in an HTML file?
ans.yes by using text indent or margin properties

13) If you see a web address on a magazine, to which web page does it point?
ans.we may or may not see

14) What is the use of alternative text in image mapping?
ans.to keep the meta data regarding image
15) Do older HTML files work on newer browsers?
ans.yes because new browsers are upgraded version of ols

16) Does a hyperlink apply to text only?
ans.it applys to videos and images and so on

17) If the user’s operating system does not support the needed character, how can the symbol be represented?
ans.box because pixal shape

18) How do you change the number type in the middle of a list?
ans.li has type attribute we can change it there

19) What are style sheets?
ans.it have layout and style settings to give desired look

20) State  bullet types available in HTML 
ans.yes disk,circle squre

21) How do you create multicolored text in a webpage?
ans.we can use coler attribute

22) Why are there both numerical and named character entity values?
ans.named are 

23) Write an HTML table tag sequence that outputs the following:
50 pcs 100 500
10 pcs 5 50

24) What is the advantage of grouping several checkboxes together?

25) What will happen if you overlap sets of tags?

26) What are applets?

27) What if there is no text between the tags or if a text was omitted by mistake? Will it affect the display of the HTML file?

28) Is it possible to set specific colors for table borders?

29) How do you create a link that will connect to another web page when clicked?

30) What other ways can be used to align images and wrap text?

31> Display &nbsp inside <p> paragraph tag.
